fix: warning for $fetch nuxt3 (#572)
nuxt-community/axios-module: docs/content/en/index.md

  - Auto retry requests with axios-retry
---

<alert type="warning">

> Nuxt 3 users can use the new [$fetch](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/docs/usage/data-fetching/#usefetch) method integrated in the framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Axios module supports Nuxt 2. Nuxt 3 users can use the new isomorphic [$fetch API](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/docs/usage/data-fetching/#usefetch) ([migration guide](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/docs/migration/component-options#isomorphic-fetch)).
```
